Add provisional registry for LOC properties (#1550) (#1624)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

| 0x3E | PRIOR_OBJECT_ID_GAP | Object | {{prior-object-id-gap}} |
| 0x7f * N + 0x9D | Reserved for greasing | Any | {{grease}} |

> The following table contains provisional registrations for draft-ietf-moq-loc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table contains provisional registrations for other active drafts in the moq wg.
```
